Mini Project 2–ConsumerComplaintResolutionAnalysisUsing Python
Scenario: Product review is the most basic function/factor in resolvingcustomerissues and increasingthe sales growth of any product
.Wecan understandtheir mindset toward our service withoutasking each customer.When consumers are unhappywith some aspect of a business,
they reach out to customer service and might raise a complaint. Companiestry their best to resolve the complaints that they receive. 
However, it might not always be possible to appease every customer.So Here, we will analyze data, and with the help ofdifferent algorithms, 
we are finding the best classification ofcustomercategoryso thatwe can predict our test data.Objective: Use Python libraries such as Pandas for data operations,
Seaborn and Matplotlib for data visualization and EDA tasks, Sklearn for model building and performance visualization, 
andbased on the best model,make a prediction for the test file and save the output.The mainobjective is to predict whetherour customer is 
disputedor not with the help ofgiven data.Dataset description:Customersfaced some issuesand triedto report their problems to customer care.
Dispute: This is our target variable based on train data; wehave two groups, one with a dispute with the bank and another don’t have any issue with the bank.
Date received: The day complaint was received.Product: different products offered by the bank (credit cards, debit cards, different types of transaction methods, 
accounts, locker services, and money-related)Sub-product: loan, insurance, other mortgage optionsIssue: Complaint of customers Company public response:
Company’s response to consumer complaintCompany: Company nameState: State where the customer lives (different state of USA)ZIP code: Where the customer lives
Submitted via: Register complaints via different platforms (online web, phone, referral, fax, post mail) Date sent to company: The day complaint was
registeredTimely response?: Yes/noConsumer disputed?: yes/no (target variable)Complaint ID: unique to each consumer 

Read the data from the given excel file.
Check the data type for both train and test data.
Do missing value analysis and drop columns where more than 25% of data are missing.
Extract Day, Month, and Year from Date Received column and create new fields for a month, year, and day.
Calculate the number of days the complaint was with the company and create a new field as "Days held."
Drop "Date Received," "Date Sent to Company," "ZIP Code," "Complaint ID" fields.
Impute Null value in "State" by mode.
With the help of the days we calculated above, create a new field 'Week_Received' where we calculate the week based on the day of receiving.
Store data of disputed people into the "disputed_cons" variable for future tasks.
Plot bar graph of the total no of disputes of consumers with the help of seaborn.
Plot bar graph of the total no of disputes products-wise with the help of seaborn.
Plot bar graph of the total no of disputes with Top Issues by Highest Disputes, with the help of seaborn.
Plot bar graph of the total no of disputes by State with Maximum Disputes.
Plot bar graph of the total no of disputes submitted via different sources.
Plot bar graph of the total no of disputes where the Company's Response to the Complaints.
Plot bar graph of the total no of disputes where the Company's Response Leads to Disputes.
Plot bar graph of the total no of disputes. Whether there are Disputes Instead of Timely Response.
Plot bar graph of the total no of disputes over Year Wise Complaints.
Plot bar graph of the total no of disputes over Year Wise Disputes.
Plot bar graph of Top Companies with Highest Complaints.
Convert all negative days held to zero (it is the time taken by the authority that can't be negative).

Drop Unnecessary Columns for the Model Building like: 'Company', 'State', 'Year_Received', 'Days_held'

• Change Consumer Disputed Column to 0 and 1 (yes to 1, and no to 0)

• Create Dummy Variables for categorical features and concat with the original data frame like: 'Product,' 'Submitted via,' 'Company response to consumer,' 'Timely response?'

• Scaling the Data Sets (note: discard dependent variable before doing standardization) and Make feature Selection with the help of PCA up to 80% of the information.

• Splitting the Data Sets Into X and Y by the dependent and independent variables (data selected by PCA)

• Build given models and measure their test and validation accuracy:

o LogisticRegression

o DecisionTreeClassifier

o RandomForestClassifier

o AdaBoostClassifier

o GradientBoostingClassifier

o KNeighborsClassifier

o XGBClassifier

• Whoever gives the most accurate result uses it and predicts the outcome for the test file and fills its dispute column so the business team can take some action accordingly.

Note: You have been provided with an IPYNB file to perform the above tasks. Some of the commands have already been provided to you. These commands are related to text pre-processing which comes under Natural Language Processing that we will be covering in the upcoming classes.






